SECURITY.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN MICROSOFT SECURITY.MD V0.0.2 BLOCK -->

## Security

Microsoft takes the security of our software products and services seriously, which includes all source code repositories managed through our GitHub organizations, which include [Microsoft](https://github.com/Microsoft), [Azure](https://github.com/Azure), [DotNet](https://github.com/dotnet), [AspNet](https://github.com/aspnet), [Xamarin](https://github.com/xamarin), and [many more](https://opensource.microsoft.com/).

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Microsoft-owned repository that meets Microsoft's [definition](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/tn-archive/cc751383(v=technet.10)) of a security vulnerability, please report it to us as described below.

## Reporting Security Issues

**Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**

Instead, please report them to the Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC) at [https://msrc.microsoft.com/create-report](https://msrc.microsoft.com/create-report).

If you prefer to submit without logging in, send email to [secure@microsoft.com](mailto:secure@microsoft.com).  If possible, encrypt your message with our PGP key; please download it from the the [Microsoft Security Response Center PGP Key page](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/msrc/pgp-key-msrc).

You should receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message. Additional information can be found at [microsoft.com/msrc](https://www.microsoft.com/msrc). 

Please include the requested information listed below (as much as you can provide) to help us better understand the nature and scope of the possible issue:

  * Type of issue (e.g. buffer overflow, SQL injection, cross-site scripting, etc.)
  * Full paths of source file(s) related to the manifestation of the issue
  * The location of the affected source code (tag/branch/commit or direct URL)
  * Any special configuration required to reproduce the issue
  * Step-by-step instructions to reproduce the issue
  * Proof-of-concept or exploit code (if possible)
  * Impact of the issue, including how an attacker might exploit the issue

This information will help us triage your report more quickly.

If you are reporting for a bug bounty, more complete reports can contribute to a higher bounty award. Please visit our [Microsoft Bug Bounty Program](https://microsoft.com/msrc/bounty) page for more details about our active programs.

## Preferred Languages

We prefer all communications to be in English.

## Policy

Microsoft follows the principle of [Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/msrc/cvd).

<!-- END MICROSOFT SECURITY.MD BLOCK -->

Commit message:

chore: Add Panevo notice to SECURITY.md

SECURITY.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN PANEVO NOTICE BLOCK -->

## Notice from Panevo

Panevo Services Ltd. is maintaining this repo for the sole purpose of publishing the Azure Notification Hub Python SDK to PyPI. In this regard, Panevo will only be pulling upstream changes from the original repo and not making any further changes, so that any users of this software are asked to follow Microsoft's security vulnerability process to report vulnerabilities. 

<!-- BEGIN MICROSOFT SECURITY.MD V0.0.2 BLOCK -->

## Security

Microsoft takes the security of our software products and services seriously, which includes all source code repositories managed through our GitHub organizations, which include [Microsoft](https://github.com/Microsoft), [Azure](https://github.com/Azure), [DotNet](https://github.com/dotnet), [AspNet](https://github.com/aspnet), [Xamarin](https://github.com/xamarin), and [many more](https://opensource.microsoft.com/).

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Microsoft-owned repository that meets Microsoft's [definition](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/tn-archive/cc751383(v=technet.10)) of a security vulnerability, please report it to us as described below.

## Reporting Security Issues

**Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**

Instead, please report them to the Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC) at [https://msrc.microsoft.com/create-report](https://msrc.microsoft.com/create-report).

If you prefer to submit without logging in, send email to [secure@microsoft.com](mailto:secure@microsoft.com).  If possible, encrypt your message with our PGP key; please download it from the the [Microsoft Security Response Center PGP Key page](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/msrc/pgp-key-msrc).

You should receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message. Additional information can be found at [microsoft.com/msrc](https://www.microsoft.com/msrc). 

Please include the requested information listed below (as much as you can provide) to help us better understand the nature and scope of the possible issue:

  * Type of issue (e.g. buffer overflow, SQL injection, cross-site scripting, etc.)
  * Full paths of source file(s) related to the manifestation of the issue
  * The location of the affected source code (tag/branch/commit or direct URL)
  * Any special configuration required to reproduce the issue
  * Step-by-step instructions to reproduce the issue
  * Proof-of-concept or exploit code (if possible)
  * Impact of the issue, including how an attacker might exploit the issue

This information will help us triage your report more quickly.

If you are reporting for a bug bounty, more complete reports can contribute to a higher bounty award. Please visit our [Microsoft Bug Bounty Program](https://microsoft.com/msrc/bounty) page for more details about our active programs.

## Preferred Languages

We prefer all communications to be in English.

## Policy

Microsoft follows the principle of [Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/msrc/cvd).

<!-- END MICROSOFT SECURITY.MD BLOCK -->
